\" <rali - rust arch linux installer>
\" copyright (c) <2021>  <Jacob Stannix>

\" this program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
\" it under the terms of the gnu general public license as published by
\" the free software foundation, either version 3 of the license, or
\" (at your option) any later version.

\" this program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\" but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of
\" merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  see the
\" gnu general public license for more details.

\" you should have received a copy of the gnu general public license
\" along with this program.  if not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH "RALI" "1" "2021-05-20" "GNU/Linux" "RALI.0.1.0" 
.SH "NAME"
.PP
(Rust) Arch Linux Installer
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf
.PP
rali
rali --PACKAGE\d\s-2LIST\s+2\u="package\d\s-2lists.txt\s+2\u"
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
rali is a cli Arch Linux configuration tool written in rust.
It aims to make installing Arch Linux as painless as possible;
any of the options other than the basic install require some knowledge of how to install and configure an Arch system.
See rali.conf(5) for more details
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB--PACKAGE\d\s-2LIST\s+2\u=\fP​\fI<file>\fP​
.br
Replaces the default package list with a user specified one.
.PP
.PP
\fB--conf=\fP​\fI<file>\fP
.br
Use an alternate config file.
.PP
.PP
\fB--conf-gen\fP \fIpath,/to,/file\fP
.br
Parses your system and generates a basic rali.conf file for you.
.PP
.PP
\fB--UEFI=\fP​\fIy,/n\fP
.br
If set to y configures your system for UEFI. For BIOS set to n or leave blank
.PP
.PP
\fB-E\fP
.br
If pressent encription will be used
.SS "Encryption (-E)"
.PP
\fB-l\fP
rali will create a single boot partitoin and a LUKS encrypted /root partition
.PP
.PP
\fB-L\fP
rali will create a single boot partition and an LVM encrypted volume with virtual volums ontop.
